now i'm going to spawn an MPC in the
center of town with the correct command
hell fuck you or if you don't do it
right I have to go to the world why is
there a giant hole in the wall down are
we in the light serving anything no we
are it's just there's a big hole bula
creeper don't worry about that he's
gonna punch it all right munchen asleep
back all you fucking creeper Oh mum I've
come to the world so who's wise oh
that's a thing but I think I punch in
nothing right now wise man the town
needs your help yeah mark and wise man
says the town needs my help well I pick
you know myself in some lava why unhurt
cuz the town needs him help Oh the town
needs you to commit suicide note ii III
hold on oh okay um until I by my house
case on our Camilla spell components to
spec cast magic for this tutorial okay
I'm sure what do you need oh you're
gonna give it to yourself yeah well
because right now I have no spell
components Ok Go Go have fun don't
bother me I don't care goalie I'm really
cared I mean I'm busy okay finally the
last thing I need to do is set the quest
this is very slow to open chests yeah
the servers are kind of going a little
slow it's a table lists mark not spell
or spell book
I got keep doing that same thing okay
I've just got my server starting to fill
with your mess ups there I finally got
it right you prick and we already know
that you have issues with spelling so
yes I think I were doing all the what
watch you use steel armor Archer Archer
well level Archer you what level can you
use do ever oh honey 20 20 I have a lot
of Archer work to do and you think
you're bad i'm at level 1 level 5
alright so now if I just stand far away
from the wise man he shouldn't be
talking to me and if I understand here
for a little bit there's all my archery
stuff I don't tell me it's at undertown
Oh fast Arkel give you some no I could
give it to myself I think okay he
appears to not be oh well the second I
walked in here by he complained to me
okay maybe he'll turn down his radius a
little bit so this seems a little high
and annoying yes I know the town needs
my help and you're worried that the town
need your help I am kind of aware I mean
based on everything he's told me all
right so I said his radius down to five
if I stand over here now he shouldn't
really bother me
oh so why don't have a lot dealing my
shit somebody keep steal your spell
definitely does not bother you while I'm
sitting at my dad there it is i found it
nevermind the number
it's gonna hurt you nothing happened
critical hit nothing my critical hit him
and nothing happened oh I got something
he doesn't say something he didn't say
anything hope try with your hand what's
that um command a joint party I see you
now have access to the quest thin the
herd yeah isn't that cool kill the
nearby mobs protect the town from danger
all right what do I have to kill it has
a wide arted Yale when it says you have
access to it it hasn't actually done
anything it's just in your list so if
you use list quest is your list image
bang yep now needs your help thin the
herd okay what does that have to do with
jen it did list how do we ask okay so
what's the point any one of us can use
one second i'm typing it anyone should
be able to do that so why don't you try
Cody oh hey what campus is that no
they're not hit me quest blue cast
fireball hey hey there are no
questioning in the hood available hey
that's gone no I did not you need to
capitalize the H yeah I think so right
now I'll fix that all right I'm because
i get i'm on fire now this is not cool
yeah there's a big car you do about it I
wonder you jackass I did kind of Castile
in Jason alright guess firewall did you
kiss the cast fireball and then Marquez
higher level than me so he cast fire
blastin I was in a hole